feat: added perspective support (#73)
open-resource-discovery/provider-server: README.md

     - Be set in the ORD Configuration
     - Override the existing baseUrl in the `describedSystemInstance` field of any ORD Documents

### Perspective Filtering

The ORD Configuration endpoint supports filtering documents by perspective using the `?perspective=` query parameter:

```bash
# Get all documents (default)
curl http://127.0.0.1:8080/.well-known/open-resource-discovery

# Filter by perspective
curl http://127.0.0.1:8080/.well-known/open-resource-discovery?perspective=system-version
curl http://127.0.0.1:8080/.well-known/open-resource-discovery?perspective=system-instance
curl http://127.0.0.1:8080/.well-known/open-resource-discovery?perspective=system-independent
```

> **Note:** Documents without an explicit `perspective` property default to `system-version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] 
> ORD documents without an explicit `perspective` property default to `system-instance`.
```
